Instructions for deleting a Work (#683)
pulibrary/pdc_describe: docs/How_to_delete_a_work.md

> Deleting a work and it's content on amazin is not as easy as running work.destroy
> These steps assume the work is assigned to a variable called `work`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleting a work and its content on Amazon is not as easy as running `work.destroy`.
These steps assume the work is assigned to a variable called `work`.
```

Also, the filename can be lowercase to be consistent.

1. Delete the pre curation uploads
   * `work.pre_curation_uploads.each(&:destroy)`
1. Delete the post curation uploads 
   * ```
     service = S3QueryService.new(work, false)
     work.post_curation_uploads.each{|upload| service.client.delete_object({ bucket: service.bucket_name, key: upload.key})}
     ```
1. Delete the UserWork records
   * `UserWork.where(work_id: work.id).each(&:destroy)` 
1. Delete the Work Activities
   * `WorkActivity.where(work_id: work.id).each(&:destroy)`
1. Finally destroy the work
   * `work.destroy`

Full script below...

> ```

Reviewer: Add syntax highlighting:
```suggestion
```ruby
```
